Good news — the tint is already implemented in Webflow, not baked into the video file itself. Here's what I found in the page's CSS:
There's a div.home-hero_video-gradient sitting as a sibling to the <video> element inside the Webflow background video wrapper. It has:

background-image: linear-gradient(rgb(0,0,0), rgba(0,0,0,0) 100%)
opacity: 0.3

So it's a semi-transparent black gradient fading from the top, not a flat uniform overlay.

Should it be in Final Cut Pro or Webflow? Webflow — always.
Here's the reasoning and a recommended methodology:
Why Webflow (CSS overlay) is the right approach:

Flexibility. You can tweak the opacity, color, or gradient stops instantly in Webflow without re-exporting and re-uploading the video. This is huge during design iteration.
Non-destructive. The source video stays clean and neutral. If a client later wants a warmer tint, a lighter touch, or even no overlay at all, you're one slider away — not back in an edit suite.
Responsive control. You can apply different overlay intensities at different breakpoints in Webflow (e.g., slightly darker on mobile where the video is smaller and text readability is more critical).
Performance. A CSS overlay adds essentially zero file weight. Burning it into the video adds no weight either, but the encoding is lossy — a dark video compresses more aggressively in some codecs, which can actually introduce banding artifacts.

When baking into FCP makes sense:
Really only if you need a complex, animated, or creative effect (e.g., a vignette that pulses, a color grade, a film grain that moves with the footage). For a simple dark overlay or gradient, FCP is overkill and just creates a maintenance burden.

Recommended Webflow methodology:

Place a div absolutely positioned to fill the video wrapper (position: absolute, inset: 0).
Give it a background of either a flat rgba(0,0,0,0.35) for a uniform tint, or a linear-gradient (e.g., black → transparent) if you want directional dimming like Aker is doing.
Set z-index high enough to sit above the video but below your text/content layer.
Use Webflow's opacity slider or the RGBA color picker to dial in the exact feel — typically somewhere between 0.2–0.45 opacity for a tasteful hero video overlay.

The current implementation on this site is doing it correctly — the only thing worth reconsidering is whether a pure flat overlay (rgba(0,0,0,0.3)) might be cleaner than the gradient if you want the tint to be uniform across the whole frame, rather than concentrated at the top.